(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
"Abandon yourself to God
as you understand God.
"Admit your faults to him
and to your fellows.
"Clear away the wreckage of your past.
"Give freely of what you find and join us.
"We shall be with you
in the fellowship of the spirit,
"and you will surely meet some of us
as you trudge the road of happy destiny.
"May God bless you
and keep you until then."
Thanks, Katie.
After a moment of silent meditation
for the alcoholic who still suffers,
will, um, Michael lead us
in the serenity prayer?
-MICHAEL: God.
-ALL: God. Grant me the serenity
to accept the things I cannot change,
the courage to change the things I can,
and the wisdom to know the difference.
Amen.
-Great job.
-Thanks.
(MICHAEL SIGHING)
That was a great meeting.
Is that your wife?
No, she...
-What difference does it make?
-Oh, nothing. I just...
seen the two of you at a couple meetings.
Anyway, my name's Michael.
(CLEARS THROAT) Andy.
Have a good week till the next meeting.
I'm so glad I brought my glasses.
(CHUCKLES)
I'm definitely gonna raise my hand
to share next time,
and not when it's getting
toward the end either.
FEMALE VOICE: Excuse me.
Why the hell don't you get
your times right?
Central office gave you a wrong time?
-What?
-Anyway, there's a meeting 12 blocks over.
-I'll take you there.
-No, no, no. The hell with the meeting.
You want to get a cup of coffee?
My name's Hubert.
I know this guy. Hi, I'm Hubert.
Andy.
-You want to go somewhere and talk?
-Not to you.
Come on, we'll have
a broken-down cops special session.
Well, since I ain't a cop no more,
I guess I don't qualify.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
You know him from work, Andy?
-Did me a favor.
-KATIE: He could use God's help now.
Short-term he ought to settle
for getting his head out of his ass.
-Language.
-Come on, Katie.
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(MUSIC CONCLUDES)
-JOHN: Morning.
-Yeah. Good morning.
-DANNY: Morning, Andy.
-How's it going?
What'd they do
at Cullinan's arraignment?
Uh, criminal possession.
150,000 dollar bond.
What the hell's that supposed
to accomplish?
That's meter money to this asshole.
-Morning.
-Yeah. Good morning.
-Judge would only go 150, huh?
-Yeah.
That'll definitely deter flight.
Why would Cullinan want to flee?
If I were him, I'd be dying to go to bat.
What the hell's that supposed to mean?
Hundred and fifty-thousand, huh?
No record and roots in the community.
Cullinan represents zero flight risk.
I'm lucky I got the 150.
He is being investigated
for attempted murder.
You want to bring your detectives in?
Everybody, my office.
He talks to me again
like my school principal,
he's getting punched in his large nose.
If you plan on this lasting more than
five or ten seconds,
you want to do a little attitude check.
My problem is,
I've been looking at the tapes
-from that apartment.
-Why are the tapes a problem?
Well, you telling Cullinan
he's the victim in the operation
after he accuses you of a police vendetta
kind of gives me a problem.
She was being sarcastic.
Good. We'll do voir dire on prospective
jurors' understanding of irony.
Anyone watching that tape
knows Jill was breaking balls.
She's breaking balls.
Just after Sipowicz threatens
to fracture Cullinan's skull.
Come on, Cohen, apprehend a suspect,
you intimidate so as not to use force.
Grateful as I am being edified
by minds of your caliber
about the legal strengths and weaknesses
of my case,
I'm actually here to suggest an area
of investigative focus.
And what would that be,
oh big-syllable-douchebag?
If you want anything more than criminal
possession to stand,
you're gonna have to link the dope
that killed Dolores Mayo
with what Cullinan tried to make her take.
That would be me, Detective Kirkendall.
It's not attempted murder
unless Cullinan knows the dose is lethal.
You only establish that by showing
he had reasonable expectation
based on the first girl dying
that she might die,
which requires predicate knowledge
on Cullinan's part
that the drugs were the same.
You're talking about the purity,
not that it was just heroin.
Yes, in one syllable.
This'll be the first case in history
prosecuted by an eight-year-old.
Castrate an adult,
he tends to sound like a child.
No one castrated you, asshole.
I can't win putting my toxicologist on
against Sinclair's.
You need to find your flopped cop's
heroin source.
-Roberts.
-Roberts being the flopped cop,
now dead. Correct.
Roberts acknowledged providing the smack
Cullinan gave Dolores Mayo.
I need Roberts's source on the stand
saying that smack and what Cullinan
used two nights ago,
came from the same glassine bag.
Alternatively, make the case
it was Cullinan bought Roberts's homicide.
Thanks for the high level of discourse.
-Did he just insult us?
-This overeducated snot-rag.
-Yeah. Nothing Jill said hurt this case.
-Give me a minute, would you, please?
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(SIGHS)
(CLEARS THROAT)
Andy, would you let me clear my head
so I can decide
if I want Cohen off the case?
I want to talk to you
about something else.
Move to get him off
looks to hurt her worse.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Bad enough Sinclair's gonna be looking
to crucify the squad.
My case, that'll be a return crucifixion.
-You need to reach out to Dornan.
-Where does that come from?
Me seeing him fall down drunk
at an A.A. meeting
and him rather go off
the Empire State Building than talk to me.
You gotta reach out.
How does Dornan being drunk
get to be my problem?
He's in bad shape. I'm not sure
if he might not be off the job.
And I'm saying why don't you get him help
from someone else in A.A.?
I don't converse with a lot of people
at them meetings.
I thought that was the point.
(SIGHS) Are you gonna review my conduct,
or you wanna help with one of your own?
All right. I'll reach out.
I'm already reaching back
on Roberts's dope connections.
Good.
-Thanks.
-It's okay.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Jill don't take that to heart, I hope,
breaking it off with Cohen.
-No.
-No. She knows she's better off.
(ANDY SIGHS)
-Good job.
-Thanks, Andy.
The personal aspects
are none of my business.
No, I, uh, I understand.
Although, the long run there,
I feel you're ahead of the game
parting ways with this guy.
-I appreciate about how I did my job.
-That's what I'm emphasizing.
Thanks.
And that he won't appreciate that,
from jealousy or childishness,
personally, you're better off, too.
But that part I don't get into.
Okay.
-She's all right?
-(CLEARS THROAT)
You wanna know the aspect
I believe is distressing her?
And you correct me if I'm wrong.
-Him with her boys.
-Cohen got along good with her boys.
That's the aspect that's got her down,
that they enjoyed this dildo's company.
I'll hang out with her boys.
That would be a big relief to her,
hearing that.
-I'll go tell her right now.
-Don't tell her now.
No, no, you tell her now,
she'll think it's out of pity or so forth.
-Okay. I'll wait.
-(TELEPHONE RINGING)
-What the hell did you people allow?
-Mr. Mayo.
You said drug OD.
You didn't say someone killed her.
Why don't we go in the coffee room?
You didn't tell me this Cullinan
gave my daughter over pure drugs.
ANDY: Where are you
getting your information?
I've been keeping Mr. Mayo posted.
Don't try any cover-up
if you want to keep control of this.
Grief or not,
don't you start giving orders.
What's going on?
This is, uh, James Mayo,
Dolores's father.
Arthur Fancy.
Are you in charge?
Did you give the order?
-What order is that, Mr. Mayo?
-Hold out on me how my daughter died.
I never told Mr. Mayo anything
was being held back.
I did say Malcolm Cullinan's
arrest for narcotics possession
and the possibility he'll be charged
with trying
to murder Detective Kirkendall,
and if he is charged, that may have
implications for how Dolores died.
Okay, John.
Mr. Mayo, we don't
give relatives partial information
during an active investigation.
It's painful for them,
and often unnecessary.
Finding out she was killed by this guy,
that's like hearing
she died all over again.
We can't be sure yet
your daughter's death was a murder.
You mean you can't prove it yet.
I know what happened. I know what kind
of a person she'd be drawn to.
She still called me her sweet daddy
three years after
I'd been doing that to her.
Go home.
-Someone'll be in touch.
-Don't go scapegoating him.
And you take care of her killer,
or I'm going to.
My office.
Giving Dolores's father
that information about Cullinan
was a very serious mistake.
People can do harmful things
with the best of motives,
and it's pretty clear this is an example.
I'm sure you're upset
you had this kind of lapse in judgment,
as much probably as any of us.
Maybe more.
And knowing that,
I don't feel it's necessary to tell you
doing something like this again
could cost you your job.
(SIGHS)
(SNIFFLES)
Which is not an option
I'm thinking about now.
That's all.
If you want to take a little lost time,
that's fine.
Everyone here likes you very much.
-(TELEPHONE RINGING)
-(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
So that "sweet daddy,"
that was her father saying
he got over on Dolores.
He got halfway to that
when we told him she was dead,
said he treated her badly growing up.
(ANDY CLEARS THROAT)
Uh, Roberts's Junkie informant
that killed herself five years ago?
-Dee dee.
-Two collars.
Two collars for pross with a Tammy Foster.
Tammy Foster's collared last month
for possession a block
from Roberts's building,
makes a 7,500 dollar bail.
DIANE: Tammy was saving her nickels.
So, do we need to sit on this guy?
(SIGHS) Sounds like someone
needed to sit on him 20 years ago.
Question is, does Dolores's father
take feeling guilty
about what he did out on Cullinan?
Question is how big a parade
we give him if he kills the prick.
It's not like Mayo made a direct threat.
Anyways, you know Cullinan's
got strong security.
-Don't forget he hired Mike Roberts.
-You're moving on Roberts's sources.
Yeah. We're moving on that.
(CLEARS THROAT)
-What's the phone pantomime?
-What?
-We wanna look for Tammy?
-Yeah.
I got a list of last known address
and of her strolls.
Junkie Roberts might have known.
Fancy just rapped his knuckles.
-Gay John.
-Not clearing his desk out.
(TELEPHONE RINGING)
I'm terribly sorry
for hindering your investigation.
-Mistakes happen.
-I promise I won't repeat my mistake.
-Apology accepted.
-No harm done.
-Hey, Tammy.
-Hey.
Give her your purse
so we don't catch you dirty.
-Then what are you going to do to me?
-We're not gonna check her purse,
and we're not gonna ask you
for your green card.
I've got a green card.
Listing your present occupation?
Come on. Let's go.
-Anyway, what's it about?
-At the station house, Tammy.
-I know how much is in there.
-She means her cosmetics.
How the hell can you chew that stuff?
How in the hell can you work
on your knees for eight hours a day?
So I guess you're not
one of those happy drunks, huh, Dornan?
When you stop pissin' my ear
so I can get on my bid'ness,
-I'll be a whole lot happier.
-Your "bid'ness," huh?
My people are Georgia negroes.
Suppose yours came over
on the Mayflower.
No.
Their boat dropped 'em off
in north Carolina.
-Chained.
-Chained. That's rough.
-Hey, boss.
-Hey, Greg, James.
How's it going? How you doing?
Yeah.
-How'd you do?
-We did good. Yeah.
-Yeah, half a pail a piece.
-Flounder and fluke.
Plus a couple of drowned shopping carts,
but we threw them back.
-Where were you?
-Uh, Breezy Point. Yeah.
The Irish Riviera.
Anyways, uh, Harold in there,
he fillets 'em up for us.
Yeah, we go thirds with Harold.
Then we go out the back.
He must think we smell like fish.
-Anyways, see ya, boss.
-Yep. See you tomorrow.
Breezy Point's a good place
for a brother to shop
for a fractured skull.
I listened to better than
you're dishing out
the first 23 years of my life.
My mother come back from a post office job
with other people's laundry.
And I listened to an asshole pick at her
better than you ever thought about.
Till finally she come back at him,
and he'd have excuse enough
to grab money for his load from her purse.
Wanted drinking money bad enough,
he'd give up even the pride
that would've moved his Black ass
out of the kitchen.
While she washed some
stranger's dirty underwear
in front of his face.
So he could pick a fight
and steal her money.
So you're off the job, Dornan?
Workin' at it.
On terminal leave.
I can't think of a single reason
you should reconsider.
Stay buddied up with that bottle,
hit the streets.
It'll keep you company.
Then when it's over,
at least the only one
you hurt is yourself.
(BREATHES HEAVILY)
-Do you know Mike Roberts?
-What's it about?
Eye on the ball, Tammy.
-I mean, remind me who he is.
-Mike went out his office window,
smashed his head through a car windshield,
near your work area.
He's who went out his eighth-story window?
Good thing you weren't
trickin' in that car, huh?
Would've ruined the mood.
You saying you didn't
know Roberts personally?
-TAMMY: No.
-ANDY: You're lying.
-Maybe I knew him by face.
-You knew him better than that.
Your pal, Dee Dee,
you took two collars with for pross,
was banging Roberts
silly a couple of years.
-I mean, what's it about?
-DANNY: Just now, Tammy,
it's about you taking
an opportunity to earn
and turning it
into an occasion for pissing us off.
I mean, if I'd run a few errands for him,
that's all I did.
You were running dope for Roberts?
-I wouldn't know what I was picking up.
-Tammy.
I mean, when you say
earning opportunity...
Two hundred for Roberts's source.
Then I gotta get a new place
to cop and everything else.
What about the concept of,
"no wait at a detox"?
Yeah, that should tip the scales.
What I'm worried about, being honest...
is that something's going on.
That's my whole reason
for not being cooperative,
-is that something's going on.
-We think you're right.
Guy's coming up with 7,500
to bail you out on possession.
Something does seem like it's goin' on.
What could it be, Tammy?
I mean, Roberts did not wanna be doing
what he was doing,
and he wound up with his head,
through that car windshield.
I'm afraid of getting caught
in the switches.
I'm you, Tammy, my main worry that regard
is my dealer knowing I can jam him
in a murder investigation
and taking preventative measures.
Yeah, maybe the next somethin' going on
is you keeling over from a hot shot.
DANNY: I worked narcotics.
I can show you some other
good corners to score.
I know some.
I'm just no good with change.
You're not gonna believe,
the guy I'm about to give you is a dealer.
She give us a dealer to look at,
that whore.
Runs a Wall Street messenger service.
She knew we'd be shocked, Tammy,
a guy like that moving smack.
-You got a place to look?
-Yeah. She give us where to look.
How thorough do you want
Tammy to make her list?
Other girls she saw Roberts with?
If you think, when you go back in there,
she's gonna have anything on that pad
but her head asleep,
you better learn to curb your optimism.
So I'll get, like, three names
and cut her loose.
Three names, you should get
a grade promotion.
-I saw Dornan.
-What come of that?
You know. He's in trouble.
I know he's in trouble.
What can you do for him?
What makes you think
I got some special in
to do anything for Dornan?
Yeah. Okay.
Does both of you being alcoholics
give you some special in?
Obviously, if it did,
I wouldn't be asking a favor.
-Neither does our both being Black.
-I got the picture. No problem.
Dornan's problem goes past his color,
same as it goes past
falling off the wagon.
ANDY: Yeah. Good.
My old man did not lose
his eye unprovoked. All right?
I didn't know he lost his eye.
What's that got to do with Dornan?
I remembered in a dream
how he really lost his eye, my Pop.
And it wasn't one of you drunk
attacking him on his meter route.
He was drunk and he'd been fired
by his boss already.
Before he went back to those projects.
That dream come to me,
after Dornan reached out
doin' a favor for Sylvia
and showing me you couldn't generalize.
And for reaching out,
he winds up flopped, Dornan,
and goes back drinkin'.
And you can't stand
owing a Black man a solid.
(SCOFFS)
I guess one of us couldn't have
as good a motive as one of you,
so that must be it. (CHUCKLING SOFTLY)
I'm wrong about a lot,
but drinking ain't included.
He's gonna get ambushed, Dornan.
The eleven dry years,
they don't count for nothin'.
It's gonna be worse on him
than it's ever been.
(SIGHS) He won't be able to figure out
why the booze isn't workin',
and he'll start drinkin' at that.
And he'll wind up with crapped pants
and lying in his own puke.
He's a proud man, Dornan.
It come on him sudden.
He don't know what happened.
Might as well die.
Find someone else in your program.
I don't know how to help him.
Yeah. I should.
Thanks for trying.
I got nothing to say
I wouldn't want to say in the squad.
(DIANE SIGHS)
See, that's assuming I'm interested
in where you're comfortable.
Mm-hmm.
-Hiya, Katie.
-(DIANE SIGHS) All right.
Can you put me with that Hugo
that's been giving you your A.A. advice?
Or Hubert whatever his name is.
Why correct me on his name
if he's seeing a relative in Teaneck?
Never mind, Katie.
I don't wanna talk to nobody about me.
This is not in connection with me.
No. No, do not, Katie. Don't.
Katie?
(SIGHS)
(DIANE CLEARS THROAT)
-LEO: Thanks.
-What's up?
I need some help.
-(SCOFFS) It's a big phone book.
-I know I've been acting like a jerk.
I guess I'd like to find out
if the situation's salvageable.
-Why ask me instead of Jill?
-'Cause when I see her, I go nuts.
Then what's the point
in wanting to salvage it?
Because I also have
strong feelings for her.
When I was, like, six or seven,
Joey Dopkins had a crush on me.
Used to come up to me on the playground
and smack me in the back of the head.
I guess girls grow out
of thinking that's cute.
I never thought it was cute.
What's really crazy is
the things that attract me to Jill
are, I guess, what also make me insecure.
She's self-reliant. She has her own ideas.
Yeah, that is crazy.
I've got a lot of control issues.
I realize that.
When people say they have issues,
I start feeling sleepy.
Okay, I get it.
No fraternizing with the enemy.
Doesn't that tire you out after a while
thinking of absolutely
the most clever way to say everything?
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(SIGHS) You can't imagine.
-Hey, Jill.
-Hey. How you doin' with Tammy?
Oh, gave us a guy to look at
for maybe supplying Roberts.
-Deals mostly to wall street.
-Hmm. What broker's Tammy work for?
Yeah, right.
So, I was wondering,
you mentioning baseball before.
Friend of mine gave me tickets
for the Metz,
and I was wondering
if maybe the boys would like to go.
-Or are they confirmed American Leaguers?
-They'd love it. What night?
Oh, pretty much any game
they'd like to go to.
Oh, you don't have tickets yet.
No. He's hooked up, though,
where he can get them generally,
my friend.
Can he get four tickets?
I'd like to come, too.
Uh, absolutely. Sure.
I'll tell him we want four.
The boys will really appreciate it, Danny.
You know what? I'll get a schedule,
let 'em pick the game.
-Thanks.
-Sure.
-I have no idea what's goin' on.
-DANNY: Evidently,
someone's looking to ruin your life.
Plants drugs in your gym bag,
some son of a bitch.
-Oh, my God.
-What is it?
All right. All right.
The bike? It has something
to do with the green bike.
Maybe it'll come to him as we drive.
I get it. I see what's going on.
It's a former operator.
That bike right there is involved in this.
Do you need to spill now,
or can you hold the thought?
I'm good. I can hold it.
Good. Here we go. Slide over.
No second chances.
Messenger behaves inappropriately,
he's gone.
-That's hard and fast with you?
-He's gone. Doesn't work for me anymore.
So it's your feeling some disgruntled
former employee jacked you up.
-Kenny.
I can give you the guy's name.
-N'tundi.
-N'tundi?
Last name?
-That is his last name.
-First name.
-Obed.
-Obed N'tundi.
ANDY: What is that, Swiss?
He's a Nigerian I fired
for smoking heroin.
I don't know where he is now.
And he swore vengeance, Obed?
Plants a half a key
of smack in your gym bag.
Depending on purity,
and given Obed's extraction,
I'm betting it could be very pure
that could be worth upwards
of a hundred grand.
Well, I don't know what it's worth.
So that must have been
some resentment Obed harbored,
blowin' that kind of dough.
The two of you have harsh words?
Did that up the ante?
Did he feel you gave him faulty directions
to a delivery destination?
You guys want me, right?
No matter what the truth is.
Yeah. If a guy like that existed,
we wouldn't want to collar up,
maybe flip him into giving us
some international import group.
Yeah. Then you're looking at promotion,
every other damn thing.
Well, I'm telling you,
he planted that heroin.
Obed's where now, Kenny?
Guessing Manitoba?
-Hey, screw this.
-Mike Roberts.
The whole story, and you walk.
Track down Obed
and confront him with his betrayal.
(CLEARS THROAT)
Like Mike Roberts security?
That worked security
for my delivery service
till I found out he used drugs?
I mean, that's, uh...
That's all I know.
DANNY: Kenny, you're a guppy.
You realize the luck of that?
You're a guppy.
You're holding 20 years of weight.
Embrace your guppyness.
I mean...
-Who do you want?
-DANNY: Who have you got, Kenny?
Everyone Roberts ran with.
The truth is, he was the guppy.
He worked security. He had a client,
who was a very powerful freak.
-Junkie?
-Freak.
-For junkies.
-DANNY: Any type?
-Junkie hookers.
-Dead junkie hookers, Kenny?
So you guys knew where the cab was goin'
all the time.
Say the name.
Malcolm Cullinan.
You got good hygiene?
Until you testify, you two lucky ducks
get to spend some time
together in a motel.
-Epsom salts and coffee grounds?
-I think probably either/or, and...
-Hi, Andy.
-Hi.
He gardens also.
We were sharing our secrets.
Bringing bloom out of our roses.
This is my partner Danny Sorenson.
Katie, my ex-wife.
-How do you do, Danny?
-DANNY: How do you do?
(CLEARS THROAT)
Anyways, come on. We can talk in here.
Andy, motel money from the D.A.'s office?
Save us a ball-breaking.
get it from the Chief of Detectives.
Lieutenant Fancy's upstairs in robbery.
Then he's leaving for the day.
Thanks, John.
I heard something in your voice,
Andy, when you called.
I guess what you heard
didn't include the words
coming out of my mouth.
I heard something, and I checked
my intuition afterwards by prayer.
Katie, this has gotta stop.
After God tells you what to do,
if I'm involved in the message,
you check back with me.
So many people,
when they're seeking counsel,
-say it's not for themselves.
-I brought you to that program.
-Where do you get off working on me?
-I'm not working on you.
By your own account,
you don't participate very much,
and I thought maybe you were reaching out
to be helped in this area.
Katie, that someone else
that's a real person
that I was really looking
for someone to talk to him.
-That man from the meeting?
-The Black cop, Dornan.
If you weren't so busy
flappin' your angel's wings,
you'd have realized that he's the subject
instead of runnin' to bother me.
I don't mean "bothering" me.
-(SIGHS)
-I don't think I'm an angel.
I just feel like I've gotten my life back.
Katie, I'm glad.
I brought a phone list from the meeting.
Thinking that I wanted people
to call myself.
I've learned so many times
what we think and what God
intends through us is so different.
-He made sure I got this for your friend.
-He's not my friend.
Even though I misunderstood.
-Do you want me to take you tonight?
-It's okay, Andy.
Only if you'll be going yourself.
-Boss?
-What is it?
Um, I was... I was, uh, looking for you
in the robbery squad.
What do you need?
Andy and me were wondering
whether or not
you'd reach out
to the Chief of Ds for motel money.
-You turn that dealer?
-On his ass, boss.
Puts his dope in Cullinan's pocket.
Andy and I were talking about somebody
with a drinking problem.
And it reminded me
of somebody in my family.
(PANTS) And that's why I'm in here.
No rush calling the Chief of Detectives.
I couldn't help him.
He died on the street and so forth.
-Yeah, huh?
-(SOBS) He died.
You know, he died helpless.
You couldn't help him.
You can't help somebody like that.
-It don't make the pain less.
-ARTHUR: No.
You wish you could help.
But that's something
you have to learn from life.
You have to learn to...
I won't tell anybody.
Thank you, Danny.
(ARTHUR CRYING)
-Hey.
Sorenson invited the boys
to see the Metz.
Oh, that's nice.
Yeah. He said
he has a friend who gets tickets.
I went ahead and asked
if I could come, too.
-Oh, yeah?
-Yeah.
I heard those very words
come from this mouth.
-And, um, what words came from his?
-Oh, he said, uh, "sure."
-Something like that.
-So good.
There still might be
laws against that in several states.
You're a couple years older than he is.
Anyways, the magazines say it's okay,
which is how I've always tried
to guide my behavior.
Well, you can't go wrong doing that.
Cohen reached out on making up with you.
Huh. Did you tell him to stay hostile
and keep belittling my job performance?
Yeah. I told him that was the shortcut
to your heart.
So here's your opportunity showing me.
Would you excuse us?
Yes, with reminding you,
go belligerent on her again,
-and we will all take that personally.
-I understand.
If you don't now,
you will right after you do it.
-Hi.
Do you mind if we talk in the coffee room?
Um... Let's talk here.
Uh, this isn't about the case, Jill.
Let's... let's do it here.
-Is he squeezin' her shoes?
-No.
I asked her kids to a ball game.
My behavior's something that came over me.
-Can you understand that?
-Yeah, I can understand it.
I apologize for it. Sincerely.
-Now you're gonna sign your name?
-Yes.
-Sincerely yours, Leo Cohen.
-(CHUCKLES)
I can understand
someone reacting the way you did, Leo.
If we'd had a big relationship,
I might try to help you through it.
But we haven't had that kind
of relationship.
And I'm trying
to raise two kids of my own.
-Kids don't get jealous the way I was.
-Kids are the ones who do.
(SIGHS)
Can we do this nicely?
Yeah, okay.
Don't worry that I'll make it tough
for you on the case.
Good night.
I shouldn't chase him down,
tell him about Kenny priest.
Spare me hearing 50 procedural defects
how we went after this prick,
why we can't use him against Cullinan.
I don't think he's gonna be breakin' balls
in the investigation anymore.
-Because?
-You didn't ask this creep no favors?
No.
Uh, I don't think
he's gonna stay on the case.
See ya.
Good night.
-Again, about Dolores's father...
-Hey, John.
Tomorrow's another day.
How'd she take that, inviting her kids?
-Was she enthused?
-Yeah.
(TELEPHONE RINGS)
15th squad.
-I gotta do something.
-Good night, Andy.
DANNY: Yeah, good night.
(CLEARS THROAT) I'd leave through the John
so he don't have to apologize,
but my coat's over there.
-Oh, good night.
-Don't worry about nothin'.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
I'll, uh, call the Chief of Detectives,
get your motel authorization.
Yeah. Thanks.
I got a list from my ex-wife.
People who might talk to Dornan.
Yeah. 'Cause I can't help.
I call from outside the office.
You can call from my office if you want.
Call him from in there?
Or I can try to talk to him again.
As far as that goes,
I could try to talk to him again.
The chief of Ds
and then some personal calls.
-Chief of Ds.
-Get that out of the way.
Yeah.
(CLEARS THROAT)
Jill, uh,
Jill told me you're taking her, too.
-That's really nice.
-Yeah.
You know, It's just, one extra ticket.
What was in our lunch,
thinking he wouldn't be gone already?
-I'll authorize the motel.
-(CLEARS THROAT)
-Dornan.
-Oh.
(TELEPHONE RINGING)
(CLEARS THROAT)
Get on if you want.
-No answer.
-No.
-Answering machine's not on.
-Uh-uh.
You know what? I got his beeper.
-Call his beeper.
-Let me call that.
-You leaving the number of the squad?
-Yeah.
-We'll wait, that's all.
(SIGHS)
Won't go hunt in every borough.
-He wants to call, we're here.
-Yeah.
(SOFT MELANCHOLIC MUSIC PLAYING)
I'll tell the kid he's okay for the motel.
-But then you're coming back, right?
-Yeah. I'll tell him, then I'll come back
-and wait with you.
-Okay.
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
(MUSIC CONCLUDES)
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)